chalk duty and thanks for tuning in to
cooking with Nona today I have the
pleasure of having no no Ann Marie and
tell everybody where you're from I'm
from Pescara Abruzzo so let's take a
closer look and get to know our Nonna I
grew up in Pescara in Abruzzo which is a
region of Italy until I was 11 years old
and then I came to this country in my
family were four children three girls
and a boy I learned that a cook when I
was fifteen I was here in this country
and my mother went to work so I was in
charge of making one dish a night for my
brothers and sisters very easy for me to
learn how to cook because I like to eat
anything I just enjoy making it I have
two daughters and yes I did try to teach
them boat that it cooked but one of them
loves to the other one hates and she
only likes to eat what do I like cooking
yeah I guess its gratification I really
don't know I just liked it from day one
I always did as far as I can remember I
liked cooking and we're back and we're
going to start cooking so tell me what
we're making Anna we're making pasta
fagioli also and I like most people know
what is pasta fazool when the stars make
you drool just like pasta fazool I love
it
so what are we going to do to get
started we're going to first up a our
pancetta mm-hmm and with a little bit of
olive oil
now pasta fagioli is really pasta and
beans and it's really more of a very
thick soup and we're going to use
cannellini beans today instead of
borlotti beans because why because
borlotti beans are only some beans
they're fresh beans that you shell and
cook and they're not available in the
winter okay so our pancetta is going to
start sauteing and what do you want me
to do we are going to you can chop some
celery and onion and tomato okay now
we're going to make a base for our sauce
and you can also do this all by hand but
we're going to use our KitchenAid food
today cut down on some time so you're
just going to add about three stalks of
celery these are just chops into pieces
that fit and a medium onion and we're
going to add some peeled tomatoes so
we're going to put all that together and
give a couple quick pulses
stop all right here we go
just going to add this
to eventually
okay so we got the base of our sauce
going so what's next
next we're going to add half of the
beans and the beans are really special
part of this dish and you can use dry
kind of Leaney beans and soak them
overnight and in the morning they will
look like this but they take a little
bit longer to cook so we're actually
going to use some jarred kind of Leaney
beans so we're going to add half of
these beans
and you can always use canned beans -
there's nothing wrong with that whatever
you have there you go so we got happy
beans here what do we deal with these
we're going to pureed them and put them
put them into soup so that it makes a
nice stick soup sounds like a plan and
to do this we have our KitchenAid
immersion blender this is a really cool
tool because it cuts down on cleanup and
you just whip it and then whip it out
and here we go like a game looks good
okay you say so and this is going to
thicken our soup really nicely so how
often do you make this I mean I know I'm
not even from a Bootsie but my family
ate this almost once a week in the
wintertime at least the same the same
with us it's a filling meal and it's a
meal in itself you have all of your
protein your vegetables are in here and
your carbs so you really don't need
anything else so what's next we're going
to cook the pasta okay and we have some
elbow pasta today and this isn't quite
the traditional way you you would make
it in Pescara what would you use we use
homemade egg noodles cut into short
strips or a two batiti
pasta so we're just gonna put our pasta
and get it going
so our pastas in and what are we going
to add to our we're going to add some
hot water to make a soup here to get it
ready to for the pasta so we have some
hot water set aside you could certainly
use some pasta water and if you use
pasta water the starch that releases
from the pasta will thicken your soup a
little bit more so if you like a thicker
pasta fagioli you can certainly do that
we're going to just use some plain soup
we're just going to use some plain water
approximately a cup a cup and a half and
why are we using hot water so that the
vegetables don't get hard so how long
does this have to cook well the soup
probably a half hour depending which
kind of beans you use if you use the dry
beans that you soaked overnight it takes
longer but it one ger yeah you'll
probably need about an hour but if you
use already cooked beans 20 minutes to a
half hour is very good okay so this has
been cooking for about 20 minutes and we
are ready to add our pasta to it that
we've only cooked halfway because
they're going to finish cooking inside
our kundalini soup okay drain the water
and if it's not drained all the way it
doesn't really matter and we're all set
to go
yeah we'll cook it for a few minutes
till the pasta is done and it's all
ready to serve
oh this looks great already I can really
smell all the different things we've
added the celery the pancetta okay so
this has been cooking for about five
minutes we have everything together and
we are ready to taste this well I am so
oh this is great all those really nice
chunks of pancetta so we're going to add
just a little bit of extra-virgin olive
oil
I'll do crudo and make a nice little
design because I'm five years old and
we're ready ready let's give it a shot
and see how good okay
Vado
hmm that is amazing
the pancetta just makes it yellow
spatulas delicious it's incredible
thank you for teaching me how to make
this finally thank you for being my
number today thank you
Wow and I have to clean your cheek
knackles I gave you my lips ciao ciao
Oh